tell me man about but when she got
drilled in the face by that loaded glove
by Madison Ranas best sunny at Genesis
she said Paz I swear to God if don't
like I got cracked in a drawer a cement
block
that's the way she reacted as well when
she went down we actually felt like a
ton of bricks unless you see the
communication is chemistry with Madison
and Carrick I don't assume that even he
though
Angelina winter all all the champions
but there is a much chemistry there just
as never before really I've got to agree
with you there when it comes to that
that chemistry that you get from from
teaming together that's got to be the
case I mean she just came out on the end
of the middle mike byson gloating that
glove up again this Mickie James I guess
speaking of zone walk that Angelina
would happen to her Genisys Mickey
slides in and whoops back the knockout
chance and way before she can use the
loaded plug hole knockout shot for Tara
as well
well if Angelina to try who the tag in
winter but both for a cover ourselves
can I get the winner knockouts tag teams
in the spotlight hardy brothers first
time in three years later tonight
against RVD and mr. Anderson as Angelina
makes her way but she was startled
towards the corner lighter Tara's out
here on our own because Marisa gosh it's
down
so by Mickie James and now Tara you're
right in a handicap situation but with
it the tag is in the winner whose
illegal quickly springs to the top Oh
close right off the top drive teryn
really she goes with enough this is that
other side this is when she snapped
yeah winter has a certain level of
intensity although that that didn't just
odd to see come out because of your view
he ever talk about she's is that he said
soft-spoken but his submission she's got
going on here it's not like that
reassure cannot really talking back the
spine of town just cranking on the the
neck of Tara referee checking to see
look at out the intensity on the scrub
face
he just close to the bed he's
unconscious she's out Hara is definitely
done ladies and tell him a winner for
the minute a still here
you girl she's nuts
well why
that very odd pairing of Angelina and
winter but maybe ah but you can't
dispute their success
and she she looks a little perplexed by
how odd and net intense offense and
violence displayed by by winter